README.md, before:

# Chuks Kitchen 🍲

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)

A modern, high-fidelity frontend web application for ordering authentic Nigerian cuisine. Designed with a mobile-first approach, this project showcases modern UI/UX principles, seamless client-side routing, and responsive grid layouts.

## 🚀 Overview

Chuks Kitchen is a static frontend prototype built to demonstrate modern component-driven architecture. The application features a complete user journey—from landing and authentication to exploring the menu, managing a cart, and processing a simulated checkout. 

The primary goal of this project was to translate complex design mockups into a clean, responsive, and performant React application without relying on heavy external UI libraries.

## ✨ Key Features

* **Responsive Grid Layouts:** Dynamic product displays that gracefully scale from single-column mobile views to multi-column desktop interfaces.
* **Seamless Client-Side Routing:** Utilizes `react-router-dom` for instant page transitions without browser reloads, ensuring a native-app feel.
* **Split-Screen Authentication:** Modern login and registration flows featuring asynchronous image loading and responsive scaling.
* **Stateful Cart UI:** A fully interactive (static) cart interface demonstrating item management and cost breakdown structures.
* **Design System Implementation:** Strict adherence to a custom color palette (featuring signature brand orange and brown tones) using Tailwind CSS utility classes.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

* **Core:** React 18, TypeScript / JavaScript
* **Styling:** Tailwind CSS (Utility-first CSS framework)
* **Routing:** React Router DOM v6
* **Icons:** Lucide-React
* **Build Tool:** Vite (for fast HMR and optimized production builds)

## 📂 Project Architecture

The application follows a modular component structure to separate concerns and improve maintainability:

```text
src/
├── components/          # Reusable UI elements (Navbar, Footer, Buttons)
├── sections/            # Major page views mapped to specific routes
│   ├── WelcomePage      # Landing and hero section
│   ├── ExplorePage      # Main menu and product grid
│   ├── OrdersPage       # Cart and order management
│   ├── OrderSummaryPage # Pre-checkout cost breakdown
│   ├── PaymentPage      # Simulated payment gateway interface
│   └── SignInPage / SignUpPage # Authentication flows
├── assets/              # Static media and local images
├── App.tsx              # Root component and Router configuration
└── main.tsx             # Application entry point



---

Clone the repository:


git clone [https://github.com/yourusername/chuks-kitchen.git](https://github.com/yourusername/chuks-kitchen.git)
Navigate to the project directory:


cd chuks-kitchen
Install dependencies:
npm install
Start the development server:
npm run dev


------


🔮 Future Roadmap
While currently a static frontend, the architecture is designed to be easily integrated with a backend service. Future iterations will include:

Integration with a backend API (e.g., Node.js or Go/Gin) for real-time menu fetching.

Implementation of global state management (Redux or Context API) for a persistent shopping cart.

Real-world payment gateway integration (e.g., Paystack or Flutterwave).



----

Commit message:

Revise README for setup instructions and roadmap clarity
Updated the 'Getting Started' section for clarity and removed redundant instructions. Enhanced the 'Future Roadmap' section with clearer descriptions of upcoming features.

README.md, after:

# Chuks Kitchen 🍲

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)

A modern, high-fidelity frontend web application for ordering authentic Nigerian cuisine. Designed with a mobile-first approach, this project showcases modern UI/UX principles, seamless client-side routing, and responsive grid layouts.

## 🚀 Overview

Chuks Kitchen is a static frontend prototype built to demonstrate modern component-driven architecture. The application features a complete user journey—from landing and authentication to exploring the menu, managing a cart, and processing a simulated checkout. 

The primary goal of this project was to translate complex design mockups into a clean, responsive, and performant React application without relying on heavy external UI libraries.

## ✨ Key Features

* **Responsive Grid Layouts:** Dynamic product displays that gracefully scale from single-column mobile views to multi-column desktop interfaces.
* **Seamless Client-Side Routing:** Utilizes `react-router-dom` for instant page transitions without browser reloads, ensuring a native-app feel.
* **Split-Screen Authentication:** Modern login and registration flows featuring asynchronous image loading and responsive scaling.
* **Stateful Cart UI:** A fully interactive (static) cart interface demonstrating item management and cost breakdown structures.
* **Design System Implementation:** Strict adherence to a custom color palette (featuring signature brand orange and brown tones) using Tailwind CSS utility classes.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

* **Core:** React 18, TypeScript / JavaScript
* **Styling:** Tailwind CSS (Utility-first CSS framework)
* **Routing:** React Router DOM v6
* **Icons:** Lucide-React
* **Build Tool:** Vite (for fast HMR and optimized production builds)

## 📂 Project Architecture

The application follows a modular component structure to separate concerns and improve maintainability:

```text
src/
├── components/          # Reusable UI elements (Navbar, Footer, Buttons)
├── sections/            # Major page views mapped to specific routes
│   ├── WelcomePage      # Landing and hero section
│   ├── ExplorePage      # Main menu and product grid
│   ├── OrdersPage       # Cart and order management
│   ├── OrderSummaryPage # Pre-checkout cost breakdown
│   ├── PaymentPage      # Simulated payment gateway interface
│   └── SignInPage / SignUpPage # Authentication flows
├── assets/              # Static media and local images
├── App.tsx              # Root component and Router configuration
└── main.tsx             # Application entry point



## 💻 Getting Started

To run this project locally, ensure you have Node.js installed on your machine.

1. **Quick Start Setup:**
   Copy and run these commands in your terminal to clone the project, install dependencies, and start the local server all at once:
   ```bash
   git clone [https://github.com/Agbara286/chuks-kitchen.git](https://github.com/Agbara286/chuks-kitchen.git)
   cd chuks-kitchen
   npm install
   npm run dev


##🔮 Future Roadmap
While currently a static frontend, the architecture is designed to be easily integrated with a backend service. Future iterations will include:

Backend Integration: Connecting to a RESTful API (e.g., Node.js or Go/Gin) for real-time menu fetching and user authentication.

State Management: Implementation of global state management (Redux or Context API) for a persistent, cross-page shopping cart.

Payment Gateway: Real-world payment gateway integration (e.g., Paystack or Flutterwave) for actual transaction processing.

---
